HARVESTER: add pr checklist (#520)
harvester/dashboard: .github/pull_request_template.md

<!-- This template is for Devs to give QA details before moving the issue To-Test -->
### Summary

> #### Pre Create PR Checklist
> You need to check the following checklist before creating this pr
> - Whether to check RBAC related functions
>     - [ ] Yes
>     - [ ] No
> - Whether it is related to RKE1
>     - [ ] Yes 
>     - [ ] No
> - Check with the back-end developer to see if the feature is complete.
>     - [ ] Yes
>     - [ ] No, This is a standalone UI fix
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### PR Checklist
- Is this a multi-tenancy feature/bug?
      - [ ] Yes, the relevant RBAC changes are at:
- Do we need to backport changes to the [old Rancher UI](https://github.com/rancher/u), such as RKE1?
      - [ ] Yes, the relevant PR is at:
- Are backend engineers aware of UI changes?
      - [ ] Yes, the backend owner is:
```
